Add docs about new parameters for resources (#106)
GDevelopApp/GDevelop-documentation: docs/gdevelop5/events/functions/index.md

#### Other types of parameters

> A parameter can be an object, a text, a boolean, a number and so ones, for texts, booleans and numbers there is three expressions that can be used in events.

Reviewer: The existing sentence was already pretty bad.
```suggestion
A parameter can be an object, a text, a number or some other kind of data (the name of a layer, a boolean, etc...). You can use expressions and conditions to access the parameters passed to a function.
```

Get a number from a parameter: `GetArgumentAsNumber(string)`
Get a text from a parameter: `GetArgumentAsString(string)`

> Get a boolean from a parameter: `GetArgumentAsBoolean(string)`

Reviewer: To remove. Also, take the opportunity to put a * in front of the two previous lines to make a link :)

> Get a number from a parameter: `GetArgumentAsNumber(string)`
> Get a text from a parameter: `GetArgumentAsString(string)`
> Get a boolean from a parameter: `GetArgumentAsBoolean(string)`

Author: ```suggestion
* Get a number from a parameter: `GetArgumentAsNumber(string)`
* Get a text from a parameter: `GetArgumentAsString(string)`
```

| Scene name                    | Text         | The name of a scene                                       | Condition, action, expression |
| Yes or No                     | Boolean      | A boolean value                                           | Condition, action |
| True or False                 | Boolean      | A boolean value                                           | Condition, action |
| [Object point](/gdevelop5/objects/sprite/edit-points) | Text         | The name of an point from an object | Condition, action, expression |
| [Object animation](/gdevelop5/objects/sprite/#adding-an-animation) | Text         | The name of an animation from an object | Condition, action, expression |
| [Identifier](/gdevelop5/events/functions#identifier-parameter) | Text         | Allow the auto-complete to suggest previously used values | Condition, action, expression |
| Scene variable              | Scene variable | The value from a scene variable          | Condition, action, expression |
| Created objects             | Objects list | A list of objects just created             | Condition, action |

> | Image resource              | Text | The name of the image resource                     | The returned value can only be get from a JavaScript code event |

Reviewer: The value of the parameter can only be read from a JavaScript code event.

| Audio resource              | Text | The name of the audio resource                     | The returned value can only be get from a JavaScript code event |
| JSON resource               | Text | The name of the JSON resource                      | The returned value can only be get from a JavaScript code event |
| Font resource               | Text | The name of the Font resource                      | The returned value can only be get from a JavaScript code event |
| Bitmap font resource        | Text | The name of the Bitmap font resource               | The returned value can only be get from a JavaScript code event |

> 

Author: I could add a link to **Resource parameter** section at the bottom of the page when its specified the resource are only available in JS code block.

> | [Identifier](/gdevelop5/events/functions#identifier-parameter) | Text         | Allow the auto-complete to suggest previously used values | Condition, action, expression |
> | Scene variable              | Scene variable | The value from a scene variable          | Condition, action, expression |
> | Created objects             | Objects list | A list of objects just created             | Condition, action |
> | Image resource              | Text | The name of the image resource                     | The returned value can only be get from a JavaScript code event |
> | Audio resource              | Text | The name of the audio resource                     | The returned value can only be get from a JavaScript code event |
> | JSON resource               | Text | The name of the JSON resource                      | The returned value can only be get from a JavaScript code event |
> | Font resource               | Text | The name of the Font resource                      | The returned value can only be get from a JavaScript code event |
> | Bitmap font resource        | Text | The name of the Bitmap font resource               | The returned value can only be get from a JavaScript code event |
> 

Author: ```suggestion
| [Identifier](/gdevelop5/events/functions#identifier-parameter) | Text         | Allow the auto-complete to suggest previously used values | Condition, action, expression |
| Scene variable              | Scene variable | The value from a scene variable          | Condition, action, expression |
| Created objects             | Objects list | A list of objects just created             | Condition, action |
| Image resource              | Text | The name of the image resource                     | The value of the parameter can only be read from a JavaScript code event. |
| Audio resource              | Text | The name of the audio resource                     | The value of the parameter can only be read from a JavaScript code event. |
| JSON resource               | Text | The name of the JSON resource                      | The value of the parameter can only be read from a JavaScript code event. |
| Font resource               | Text | The name of the Font resource                      | The value of the parameter can only be read from a JavaScript code event. |
| Bitmap font resource        | Text | The name of the Bitmap font resource               | The value of the parameter can only be read from a JavaScript code event. |

```

#### Identifier name

Every parameter with the same identifier name share their values for the autocompletion.

### Resource parameter

These parameters can be, an image, an audio file, a JSON, a font, and a bitmap font. This parameter will return the name of the resource visible in the resource tab.
The returned value will be only available by getting the value in a JavaScript code events with [this method](/gdevelop5/events/js-code/#use-javascript-to-get-the-value-of-a-parameter-of-a-function).

> eventsFunctionContext.getArgument("ParameterName")

Author: I'm removing this line, I made a link above.
